You might be thinkingwhyEon on the first place.
Let me tell you,
as a developer, Eon is aweb basedcomponent framework
designed to build amazingcross-platform UI's.
It's fast, and light
and it providesall the utilitiesyou need to build amazing applications.
Eon is not just a core,
right out of the box
there's a full library ofUI Web Components.
But remember,
if you like so, you can also createyour own with ease.
Eon has an easy learning curve, sinceit respects the DOM API
and has no tool dependencies.
This means that you or your teamwon't have to waste time learning new stuff,
setting up tediousand fatiguing environmentsand building your code.
Developing with Eon is a breeze.
In fact, it's platform independent.
This means that you could use itwith your favorite technologies
and progressively adopted as you go,
without the need of redesigning your workflow.
Listening to all what Eon has to offer might betoo much for a single video.
But let me show you how easy is to getstarted doing awesome stuff with it.
Simply import Eon Web Components usingthe import function and its relative path.
Once imported, you can use them like any other HTML element
and immediately see the results.
How convenient is that!
Now we're going to create a custom element,which is divided in three parts:
style, structure, and logic.
Use the element function to declare the component.
Now, we can add some content to our template.
This could be any valid HTML.
In this case, we'll use just plain text.
Finally, we can add some style to ourWeb Component.
For now, we'll change its font to cyan.
Now, we import the custom example
and use it declaratively in our "body".
Since everything can become a component itself,
this is how you can split your applicationin small reusable modules.
Eon has very powerful interpolation engine.
This means that we can bind any kindof data to our template.
In this case, we'll bind text to our templateusing the curly braces and the "at" sign.
Eon is reactive. This means that any change made toits data will be reflected on the fly
without the need to update it manually.
This means that you'll have more timeto spend on what really matters
instead of updating the UI.
Now, we can add some logic to ourcomponent.
We'll add a data property named valueand use it in our template.
We will also create a functionthat will increment that value.
Finally, we'll call this functionfrom the button"on click" event.
As you can see, each timeI click the button the value gets incremented
This barely scratches the surfaceof what Eon has to offer
but shows how powerful it is.
Thanks for watching this video.
Remember,there aremore tutorialson the documentation section.
Please, stay tuned for more updates!